---
id: v0.2.0
title: v0.2.0 | Feb 2024
sidebar_position: -1
draft: false
last_update:
  date: 2024-02-01
  author: Eric Dudley
---

# v0.2.0 Release Notes

## Overview

We're excited to announce the v0.2.0 release of Cash Compass, marking another step towards our full release. This release brings a host of new features, improvements, and bug fixes aimed at enhancing user experience and expanding functionality. Our focus continues to be on delivering a robust and user-friendly personal finance app.

## Enhancements

### Completed

- **User Configured Time Zones** - Users can now select a time zone on the Profile -> Preferences page. This setting will apply to all Cash Compass data. Importantly, previous transactions will maintain the time zone in which they were created.
- **Gold Features Integration** - In order to offer a great user experience, we've implemented usage limits to prevent exploitation and enable free users to preview the app's features before upgrading to Compass Gold. These limits are now enforced across all users, with our Gold members enjoying higher (and in some cases, unlimited) limits compared to free users.
- **Updated Documentation Site** - Our [documentation site](https://docs.cashcompass.co) has been updated with a [Getting Started](/docs/app/00-welcome.md) guide and practical guides for interacting with all features of Cash Compass. This initial draft will be continuously improved and maintained moving forward.

## Bug Fixes

### Completed

- **Fix Delete Alert Text** - Resolved a small bug that displayed incorrect labels to users when deleting an item.

## Chores

### Completed

- **Audit OpenAI Integration** - With recent updates to OpenAI's APIs and code libraries, we've revised our integration to ensure the latest features are utilized, enhancing security and user experience.

## Coming in the next release

Check out the [Current Release](https://github.com/users/ericdudley/projects/1/views/5) page in our public roadmap to see what we're working on for the next release.

In v0.3.0, we're planning on focusing on quality, testing, and performance improvements. We won't be releasing any new features, but we're looking forward to getting back to feature development in v0.4.0.

## Support

As always, for any questions or feedback, feel free to reach out to us at [support@cashcompass.co](mailto:support@cashcompass.co).

Thank you for being part of the Cash Compass journey!

---
